@uppy/dashboard: add dashboard:show-panel event (#4108)
transloadit/uppy: website/src/docs/dashboard.md

Fired when the Dashboard modal is closed.

### `dashboard:show-panel`

**Parameters:**

* `id` — The unique identifier of the plugin that is being shown

> Fired when a user clicks on a specific source plugin in the Dashboard

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fired when a user clicks on a source plugin, such as Webcam or Google Drive, in the Dashboard.
```
